feat: TA-859 - Flow introduction and checkout flow (#72)
gr4vy/gr4vy-docs: docs/flow/checkout.mdx

---
title: Checkout Flow
slug: /flow/checkout
---

The Checkout Flow enables customization of the pre-payment part of the
customer journey. It currently consists of one action: "select payment options".

## Select Payment Options

> This Action enables filtering the available payment methods based on different
> conditions of the prospective transaction.
> Each Rule in this Action will define a complete set of payment options to show
> if the Rule matches. If no Rule matches, then the whole set of configured
> and enabled payment options will be shown.
> Each Rule in this Action can be comprised of conditions of the following 
> classes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action enables filtering the available payment methods based on different
conditions of the prospective transaction.
Each rule in this action will define a complete set of payment options to show
if the rule matches. If no rule matches, then the whole set of configured
and enabled payment options will be shown.
Each rule in this action can be comprised of conditions of the following 
classes:
```

> * Amount conditions: These enable filtering based on 
> the amount for the transaction. Each Rule defines a specific
> currency for which it applies, so you can have two different Rules
> checking for the same Amounts (e.g. "greater than 10") with different
> currencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Amount condition: This enables filtering based on 
the amount for the transaction. Each rule defines a specific
currency for which it applies. You can specify a minimum amount,
maximum amount, or a range of values.
```

> * Country conditions: These enable filtering based on the customer's 
> country. They can be defined as an inclusive or exclusive list of country codes.

Reviewer: There can only be one country condition
```suggestion
* Country condition: This enables filtering based on the customer's 
country as an inclusive or exclusive list of country codes.
```

> * Currency conditions: These enable filtering based on the transaction
> currency. They can be defined as an inclusive or exclusive list.

Reviewer: There can only be one currency condition.
```suggestion
* Currency condition: This enables filtering based on the transaction
currency as an inclusive or exclusive list.
```

> * Metadata condition: These enable filtering based on free-form metadata 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Metadata conditions: These enable filtering based on free-form metadata 
```
